Contents
Device Management
Device management commands
Use clock datetime to set the system time.
Command
Default
The system time is UTC time 00:00 01/11.
View
User View
Default user role
Parameters
time:Specifies the time in HH:MM:SS (hours:minutes:seconds) format, in the range of 0 to 23, MM, and SS in the range of 0 to 59.
If you are configuring the as full minutes, you can enter no seconds ; if you are configuring the as a whole point, you can enter no minutes or seconds.
For example, set the time parameter to 0 to zero.
date:Specifies the date of the MM/DD/YYYY (month/day/year) or YYYY/MM/DD (year/month/date) in the range of 1 to 12, DD in the range of 2000 to 2035.
Usage Guidance
To ensure that the devices work in concert with other devices, make sure that the system time on the devices is accurate.
To use this command, first execute the clock protocol none command.
The time specified in the clock datetime command takes effect immediately as the current system time.
Then, the device uses the clock signals generated by its built-in crystal oscillator to maintain the system time.
Examples
Configure the device to use the system time 8:08:00:8:00 on January 1, 2015.
Set the system time to 10 minutes for the device on January 1, 2015.
Related Commands
Use clock protocol to specify the system time source.
Use undo clock protocol to restore the default.
Time obtained through NTP.
System view
none:Uses the system time set by using the system time command.
ntp:Uses the Network Time Protocol (NTP) protocol to obtain the time.
For more information about NTP and NTP configuration, see Network Management and Monitoring Configuration Guide.
The system time can be obtained in one of the following ways :
When the clock protocol none command is configured, the device uses the datetime command.
The time specified in the clock datetime command is the current system time.
The device obtains the NTP time from the network through NTP after configuring the clock protocol ntp command.
In this mode, the device performs the UTC (Coordinated Universal Time) time of the synchronization server, and the time zone and daylight saving time values configured on the device are synchronized to the local time.
The time obtained in this manner is more accurate than the time configured on the command line.
If you execute this command multiple times, the most recent configuration takes effect.
# Configure the device to obtain the UTC time in CLI.
Use clock summer-time to set the daylight saving time.
Use undo clock summer-time to restore the default.
The daylight saving time is not set.
name:Specifies a name for the daylight saving time, a case-sensitive string of 1 to 32 characters.
start-time:Specifies the start time in HH:MM:SS format, in the range of 0 to 23, MM, and SS in the range of 0 to 59.
start-date:Sets a start date and can be entered in one of the following ways :
The value range for a DD is MM/DD in the range of 1 to 12.
Enter a month and day again with <space> keys.
First time you enter a month, a value of Jan, Febrush, March, April, May, June, July, July, July, July, and then enter the day of the month, day, week (see first, second, third, fith, or last).
end-time:Specifies the end time in HH:MM:SS format, in the range of 0 to 23, MM, and SS in the range of 0 to 59.
end-date:Specifies the end date, in the following ways :
Enter the date in MM/DD format, in the range of 1 to 12 and DD.
add-time:Specifies an offset in the range of 0 to 23, MM and SS in the range of 0 to 59.
The system time is automatically re-calculated by using the display clock command.
Make sure all network devices use the daylight saving time consistent with the local daylight saving time.
# Set daylight saving time PDT, beginning 06:00:00 on August 1, 2011, and up to 1 hour from 06:00:00 on September 1.
Use clock timezone to set the system time zone.
Use undo clock timezone to restore the default.
The time zone where the system resides is in the zero time zone, which is the UTC time.
zone-name:Specifies a time zone by its name, a case-sensitive string of 1 to 32 characters.
add:Enables the UTC time based on the UTC time.
minus:Reduces the time specified on the UTC time.
zone-offset:Specifies the time difference between UTC in HH:MM:SS, in the range of 0 to 23, MM, and SS in the range of 0 to 59.  To configure the interval, enter no minutes or seconds.
After you set the system time, the system time is automatically re-calculated by using the display clock command.
Make sure all network devices have consistent time zones and local time zones.
Specify the local time zone name as Z5 and add 5 hours to the UTC time.
Use command to assign a command to a job.
Use undo command to remove a command from a job.
No command is assigned to a job.
Job view
id:Specifies an ID for the command, in the range of 0 to 4294967295.
This number indicates the order in which commands are executed in the job, and commands with smaller numbers take precedence.
command:Specifies a command.
Entering the command command multiple times allows you to assign multiple commands to the current job and unique commands with a number.
If the number of a newly assigned command and the number of an assigned command are the same, the newly assigned command overrides the assigned command.
The command-issued command must be the successful command line on the device, excluding telnet, ftp, ssh2, and monitor process.
For the command line to take effect, make sure the configuration is correct.
If the commands that need to be assigned (assuming A) are commands that are in user view, you can assign them directly using the command ; if you need the commands that are assigned (assuming A) that are not in user view, you must first assign the commands that enter the A view (specify a smaller id value) and then assign A.
When a task is set up, the device does not interact with the user.
When user interaction confirmation is required, the system automatically enters Y or Yes ; when character information is required from user interaction, the default string is automatically entered, and an empty string is automatically entered when no default string is required.
# Assign commands for the backupconfig job to back up the configuration file startup. .. cfg to the TFTP server 192.168. . 100.11.
# Assign commands to the job (assuming the name is shutdownGE) to shut down interface Ten-GigabitEthernet 1/0/1.
Use copyright-info enable to enable copyright statement display.
Use undo copyright-info enable to disable copyright statement display.
Copyright statement display is enabled.
# Enable copyright statement display.
When you log in to the device again, the following information is displayed :
Use display alarm to display alarm information.
Any view
If you do not specify a member device or PEX, this command displays alarm information for the master device.
slot slot-number:Specifies an IRF member device by its member ID or specifies a PEX by its virtual slot number.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays MDC block information for all IRF member devices.
# Display device alarm information.
display alarm 1 brief
Use display clock to display the system time, date, time zone, and daylight saving time.
Display the system time and date when the time zone is not configured.
For information to be displayed, the format of the time is "hh:mm:second.  # milliseconds".
Display the system time and date when the time zone Z5 is configured.
Display the system time and date when the time zone Z5 and daylight saving time PDT are specified.
Use display copyright to display copyright information.
Default Level
# Display copyright information.
Show information only. ..
Use display cpu-usage to display CPU usage statistics.
summary:Displays CPU usage statistics in list format.
If you do not specify this keyword, the command displays CPU usage statistics in a section format.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays CPU usage statistics for all member devices.
slot-number:Specifies an IRF member device by its member ID.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays IRF fabric information for all member devices.
cpu cpu-number:Displays CPU usage statistics.
The cpu-number argument represents the number of the CPU.
core { core-number | all }:Displays CPU core usage statistics.
The core-number argument represents the CPU core utilization statistics, and the core-number argument represents the CPU core number.
# Display the current CPU usage statistics in a segment.
# Display the current CPU usage statistics in table form.
display cpu-usage verbose
Use display cpu-usage configuration to display CPU usage monitoring settings.
slot slot-number:Specifies an IRF member device by its member ID.
If you do not specify a member device or PEX, this command displays electronic label information for the master device.
cpu cpu-number:Specifies a CPU by its number.
# Display the CPU usage recording configuration.
Use display cpu-usage history to display historical CPU usage statistics.
job job-id:Displays CPU usage statistics for a process.
job-id:Specifies a process by its ID in the range of 1 to 2147483647.
If you do not specify a process, this command displays CPU usage statistics for the entire system.
To display the number and name of a process running by using the display process command, see System Maintenance and Debugging in Network Management and Monitoring section.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays CPU usage statistics for all member devices.
If you do not specify a process or process, this command displays the corresponding information for all processes on all member devices ; when you specify the job keyword, but not the process specified by the master device.
cpu cpu-number:Displays CPU usage statistics.
If you do not specify a job or a CPU, this command displays the running configuration for all CPUs.
If you specify the job keyword but do not specify this keyword, the command displays the default CPU.
When CPU usage monitoring is enabled, the system samples and saves CPU usage at the interval specified by the monitor cpu-usage interval command.
You can use the display cpu-usage history command to view the most recent 60 sampling points.
The result is shown as coordinates and is displayed :
Y coordinate refers to utilization.  It is based on the principle that is shown in close proximity.
For example, if the utilization is at 5 %, the actual statistics 53 % are shown as 55 %, and the actual statistics 52 % are shown as 50 %.
X-Coordinate represents time, which is left to indicate the distance.
This instant is measured in continuous # where it is being used, and it is the value of the rank in the top # row at a point in time that is the CPU's utilization at that moment.
# Display the historical CPU usage statistics.
The output shows that the system running on Slot 1 CPU 0, using the "SYSTEM" indicates that the CPU is running at approximately 5 percent in the last 60 minutes ago, or approximately 10 percent in the last 60 minutes ago, and about 15 percent in up to 16 and 17 minutes ago, approximately 10 percent in 18 minutes ago, and approximately 10 percent in the last 19 minutes ago, and approximately 5 percent in other time.
Use display device to display device information.
flash:Displays flash memory information.
usb:Displays USB interface information.
If you do not specify a member device or PEX, this command displays information about all member devices.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays MDC block information for all IRF member devices.
subslot subslot-number:Specifies a subcard by its number.
The subslot-number argument represents the subslot number of the subcard slot where the daughter card resides.
If you do not specify a subcard, this command does not display information about any subcard.
It is only supported on the S6800-2C, S6800-2C-FC and S6800-4C switches.
verbose:Displays detailed information.
If you do not specify this keyword, the command displays brief information.
If you do not specify the flash keyword or the usb keyword, this command displays information about members.
# Display device information.
display device brief
Use display device manuinfo to display electronic label information for the device.
If you do not specify a member device or PEX, this command displays electronic label information for the master device.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays IRF fabric information for all member devices.
subslot subslot-number:Displays electronic label information for a daughter card.
Electronic label information, such as permanent configuration data or archive information, is also known as hardware name, production serial number, MAC address, manufacturer, etc. in the debugging and testing of hardware.
# Display electronic label information.
Use display device manuinfo fan to display electronic label information for a fan tray.
fan-id:Specifies a fan ID for the device.
# Display electronic label information for the specified fan tray.
Use display device manuinfo power to display electronic label information for a power supply.
slot slot-number:Specifies an IRF member device by its member ID or specifies a PEX by its virtual slot number.
power-id:Specifies a power supply by its ID.
# Display electronic label information for the specified power supply.
Use display diagnostic-information to collect diagnostic information.
hardware:Specifies hardware-related operating information.
infrastructure:Specifies operating information for the fundamental features.
l2:Specifies operating information for the Layer 2 features.
l3:Specifies operating information for the Layer 3 features.
service:Specifies operating information for the upper-layer service module.
key-info:Specifies key operating information.
This keyword is used when a device is abnormally or when the runtime is longer, that means that critical diagnostic information can be collected and the time to collect diagnostics is reduced.
If you do not specify this keyword, the command displays or saves both critical and non-critical operating information.
filename:Specifies a configuration file for saving the collected diagnostics.
filename is the name of the file, suffix must be ".tar." gz".
If you do not specify this keyword, the user can choose whether to save the diagnostic information to a file or display the information directly.
In case of routine maintenance or system failure, the user needs to view diagnosis information of each module for ease of problem identification.
Because each feature module has its corresponding operating information, the display commands need to be run on a specific basis.
To gather additional information at one time, you can execute the display diagnostic-information command in any view to collect diagnostic information about multiple modules.
The command enables the user to display the specified diagnostic information directly or to save the diagnostic information directly to a specified file because the diagnostic information is much larger, and the system automatically compresses the file and saves the file name as. tar. gz.
If you want to view the contents of the file on the appliance, do the following :
Use the tar extract command to extract the file.
Use the gunzip command to extract the file XXXX. gz to file XXXX.
Use the more command to view the contents of the file XXXX.
If you do not specify the display diagnostic-information command, the system prompts you to select whether to display the diagnostic information or save the information to a file.
If you choose to save the diagnostic information, and if you are prompted to enter a file name, the device automatically saves the current diagnostic information to a new file and uses the device name and the current system time to name the file so that the existing file does not have a duplicate name.
If the device name contains'-',':','*',','*', ?'
Special characters such as'<','>','|', "', may be converted to an underscore''if given to the diagnostic file.
For example, the device name is A/B. The device will use the string flash:/ diag_A_B_20160101-000438.  \. .... tar. .... gz is named the newly generated diagnostic file.
If you do not specify any features, such as hardware, infrastructure, l2, l3, or related parameters, this command displays operating information about all features.
This command does not support the |,>, and>> arguments.
Do not configure the device to affect the collection results when you execute this command to collect diagnostic information.
# Collect statistics on the operation of all features and modules in the system.
# Save the information collected for the default diagnostic file.
Please enter the file name in the prompt.  Please enter a direct carriage return.
# Save the gathered diagnostic information to the file test. .... tar. .... gz.
gunzip (base configuration command reference/file system management)
more (Basic Configuration Command Reference/File System Management)
tar extract (Basic Configuration Command Reference/File System Management)
Use display environment to display temperature sensor information.
If you do not specify a member device or PEX, this command displays temperature information for the master device.
If you do not specify a card, this command displays temperature information for all cards in the IRF fabric.
If you do not specify a card, this command displays information about all cards.
# Display temperature information for all temperature sensors on the device.
display environment 1 count
Use display fan to display fan tray operating status information.
If you do not specify a fan tray, this command displays operating status information for all fan trays.
fan-id:Specifies a fan tray by its built-in ID.
If you do not specify a fan tray, this command displays operating status information for all fan trays at the specified position.
# Display the operating status of all fan trays.
display fan all
Use display hardware-resource switch-mode to display the hardware resource mode of the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, or routing table.
Display the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and hardware resource mode of the device.
display hardware-resource switch-mode verbose
hardware-resource routing-mode (Layer 3—IP Routing Command Reference)
Use display memory to display memory usage information.
summary:Displays brief information about memory usage.
If you do not specify this keyword, the command displays detailed memory usage information.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays information about all IRF member devices.
cpu cpu-number:Specifies a CPU by its number.
# Display detailed memory usage information.
# Display brief memory usage information.
display memory brief
Use display memory-threshold to display memory alarm threshold information.
If you do not specify a member device, this command enables LIPC debugging for the master device.
When the size of the physical memory used by a device exceeds the memory threshold, the system determines that a memory exception occurred, records the first time, the most recent exception, and the number of times that an exception occurred during the period.
If you are interested in getting more details of the class, check the log information and search on "MEM_EXCEED_THRESHOLD" or "MEM_BELOW_RESHOLD" by the log summary keyword.
# Display memory alarm threshold information.
display memory-threshold verbose
Use display power to display power supply information.
If you do not specify a power supply, this command displays power supply information for all cards.
power-id:Specifies a power supply by its ID.
If you do not specify a power supply, this command displays power supply information for all power supplies at the specified position.
# Display power supply status.
display power command output description
Use display scheduler job to display job configuration information.
job-name:Specifies a job by its name, a case-sensitive string of 1 to 47 characters.
If you do not specify a job, this command displays configuration information for all jobs.
# Display configuration information for all jobs.
The display shows that the device currently has 3 jobs configured, shows a job name, and assigned commands (if no command is assigned to the job), each of which is separated by a blank line.
Use display scheduler logfile to display job execution log information.
# Display the schedule log file.
display scheduler logfile statistics
Use display scheduler reboot to display the automatic reboot schedule.
# Display the automatic reboot schedule.
Use display scheduler schedule to display schedule information.
schedule-name:Specifies a schedule by its name, a case-sensitive string of 1 to 47 characters.
If you do not specify a schedule, this command displays information about all schedules.
# Display information about all schedules.
display scheduler schedule statistics
Use display system stable state to display the stable state of the system.
Before performing an ISSU or a switchover, execute this command to verify that the device is stable.
You cannot perform an ISSU operation if the system state is not Stable and cannot perform an active/standby switchover when redundancy is not in Stable state.
It can take some time for the device to reach the Stable state.
If the device fails to enter the Stable state for a long period of time, use the display command to identify the unstable device to take further action based on its state.
When the system is in an unstable state, follow these commands in conjunction with them to view the condition of the device.
For example :
Use the display device command to identify the device operating status.
Use the display ha service-group command to check the status of HA service groups and identify the groups in batch backup state.
Use the display system internal process state command in probe view to display service operating status.
During an operation, it is recommended that you execute the command multiple times to confirm the continuity of the stable state.
# Display system stability.
display system stable state verbose
display ha service-group (reliability command/process placement optimization)
Use display system-working-mode to display system working mode information.
# Display the operating mode of the device.
Use display transceiver alarm to display transceiver alarm information for transceiver modules.
interface [ interface-type interface-number ]:Specifies interface type and number.
If you do not specify an interface type, the interface-type interface-number argument represents all interfaces.
See the display transceiver alarm output description table for the transceiver module.
If there is no failure, this field displays None.
SFP/SFP + display transceiver alarm output
Command output from the display transceiver alarm for QSFP +/QSFP28
# Display the fault alarm on Ten-GigabitEthernet 1/0/1.
display transceiver alarm description
Use display transceiver diagnosis to display the current values of the digital diagnosis parameters on transceiver modules.
interface [ interface-type interface-number ]:Specifies a digital diagnosis parameter on an interface.
Display the current values of the digital diagnosis parameters on Ten-GigabitEthernet 1/0/1.
display transceiver diagnosis_value
Use display transceiver interface to display key parameters of transceiver modules.
interface-type interface-number:Displays the key parameters of transceiver modules installed on an interface.
# Display the key parameters of transceiver modules installed on Ten-GigabitEthernet 1/0/1.
Use display transceiver manuinfo to display electronic label information for transceiver modules.
interface [ interface-type interface-number ]:Displays electronic label information for the transceiver module installed on an interface.
# Display electronic label information for the transceiver module installed on Ten-GigabitEthernet 1/0/1.
Use display version to display system version information.
# Display system version information.
Use display version-update-record to display startup software image upgrade records.
When the device boots up, it records the version information of the startup image file that the device uses, including the upgrade time and version and the system records the minor startup software image information.
Rebooting the device will also not delete the record.
# Display startup software image upgrade records.
display version-update-record verbose
Use fan prefer-direction to specify the preferred airflow direction for the device.
Use undo fan prefer-direction to restore the default.
The preferred airflow direction is from the power supply side to the port side.
slot slot-number:Specifies an IRF member device by its member ID or specifies a PEX by its virtual slot number.
port-to-power:Specifies the airflow direction from the port side to the power supply side.
power-to-port:Specifies the airflow direction from the power supply side to the port side.
Specify port-to-power as the preferred airflow direction for fan modules on member device 1.
Use hardware-resource switch-mode to set the hardware resource mode for the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, or routing table.
The MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, or hardware resource mode is 0.
0:Sets the MAC address table, ARP table, and ND table hardware resource mode to 0.
1:Specifies the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and hardware resource mode as 1.
2:Specifies the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and hardware resource mode as 2.
3:Sets the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and hardware resource mode to 3.
4:Sets the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and hardware resource mode to 4.
For more information about the device, see device management in Basic Configuration Guide, see the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and table and hardware resource mode.
When you use this command to set the mode to 4, do not create temporary VPN instances.
This command takes effect only after you save the configuration and reboot the device.
Before restarting a device, evaluate the impact of a reboot on the network and prepare the device.
Specify hardware resource mode 1 for the MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and routing table.
Use header to configure a banner.
Use undo header to delete a banner.
No welcome information is configured.
legal:Specifies authorization information to be sent before the authentication username and password.
login:Specifies the banner to be displayed when login authentication is performed.
motd:Configures the banner to be displayed before the terminal boundary.
shell:Configures the banner to be displayed before a user enters user view.
text:Specifies the banner message.
Input can be one or more lines, depending on the input rules can be found in the Basic Configuration Guide.
# Configure the legal banner.
Use job to assign a job to a schedule.
Use undo job to delete a job from a schedule.
No job is assigned to a schedule.
Schedule view
To assign multiple jobs to a schedule, execute this command multiple times.
Multiple jobs are executed at the same time as the schedule specified, and they are not first ordered.
For a job to be assigned, it must be a job that has been created on the device.
To create a job, use the scheduler job command.
# Assign a job named save-job to the schedule.
Use memory-threshold to set the memory alarm threshold.
Use undo memory-threshold to restore the default.
For the S6800-54QT (LS-6800-54QT), S6800-54QT (LS-6800-54QT-H1), S6800-54qf (LS-6800-54q), and S6800-54qf (LS-6800-54qf-H1) devices :
When the device starts up in factory configuration, the primary threshold is 122MB, the secondary alarm threshold is 61MB, the severe alarm threshold is a minor alarm threshold, and the system returns to a normal memory threshold is 143MB, the preset threshold is 164MB, and the preset alarm threshold is 184MB.
By default, the primary alarm threshold is 256MB, the secondary alarm threshold is 128MB, a tertiary alarm threshold is 64MB, and the normal memory threshold is 304MB, and the preset alarm threshold is 320MB, and the preset alarm threshold is 368MB.
By default, the primary alarm threshold is 256MB, the secondary alarm threshold is 128MB, a tertiary alarm threshold is 64MB, and the system returns to a normal memory threshold of 304MB, the preset alarm threshold is 320MB, and the preset alarm threshold is 368MB.
ratio:Specifies the ratio threshold.
If you do not specify this keyword, the command displays the threshold size in MB.
minor minor-value:Specifies the minor alarm threshold.
When you enter a value for the parameter, you can enter ?, to get the value of the parameter.
If you set the threshold argument to 0, this command disables the minor alarm threshold.
severe severe-value:Specifies the severe alarm threshold.
minor minor-value:Specifies the minor alarm threshold.
normal—value:Specifies the normal memory size.
early-warning ear-warning-value:Specifies the warning threshold.
secure-value:Specifies the severe alarm threshold.
The system monitors the amount of idle memory remaining to the system, which generates alerts/alerts when conditions are met, such that an action can be taken to notify the associated service module/process to maximize memory utilization and ensure proper operation of the device.
For more information about the alarm threshold, see device management in Fundamentals Configuration Guide.
Specify the primary, secondary, and tertiary alarm thresholds as 64MB, 48MB, and 32MB, and recover the operating state when the system has more than 96MB of free memory.
Use memory-threshold usage to set the memory usage threshold.
Use undo memory-threshold usage to restore the default.
The memory usage threshold is 100 %.
memory-threshold:Specifies the memory usage threshold in percentage.
The system samples the memory usage every 1 minute and compares the sample and user-configured memory usage threshold.
If the sample value is greater than the memory usage threshold, the device sends a trap.
# Set the memory usage threshold to 80 %.
Use monitor cpu-usage enable to enable CPU usage monitoring.
Use undo monitor cpu-usage enable to disable CPU usage monitoring.
CPU usage monitoring is enabled.
slot slot-number:Specifies an IRF member device by its member ID.
With CPU usage monitoring enabled, the system samples and saves CPU usage at the interval specified by the monitor cpu-usage interval command.
To monitor the recent running of the device, use the display cpu-usage history command.
# Enable CPU usage monitoring.
Use monitor cpu-usage interval to set the sampling interval for CPU usage monitoring.
The sampling interval for CPU usage tracking is 1 minute.
interval:Specifies the CPU usage tracking interval, a case-insensitive string of 5Sec, 1Min, or 5Min.
When entering the parameter, enter it completely ; otherwise, the system prompts for the wrong parameter.
# Set the sampling interval for CPU usage monitoring to 5 seconds.
Use monitor cpu-usage threshold to set CPU usage threshold.
Use undo monitor cpu-usage threshold to restore the default.
Minor resource usage alarm threshold is 99 % and minor CPU usage alarm threshold is 80 %.
severe-threshold:Specifies the severe CPU usage alarm threshold in percentage.
minor-threshold minor-threshold:Specifies the minor resource depletion alarm threshold in percentage.
recovery-threshold recovery-threshold:Specifies the CPU usage recovery threshold in percentage.
The system samples CPU usage every 1 minute and compares the sample and user-configured alarm thresholds.
When the sample value is too high, the device will handle the usage.
# Set the severe CPU usage alarm threshold to 90 %, minor CPU usage alarm threshold to 85 %.
Use monitor resend cpu-usage to set the alarm event sending interval.
Use undo monitor resend cpu-usage to remove the setting of CPU alarm event sending intervals.
The device reports a low-level event within the low-level threshold within 300 seconds, and reports a high-level CPU warning event more than the severe resource depletion threshold.
minor-interval minor-interval:Specifies the minor alarm event interval in the range of 10 to 3600, a multiple of 5 seconds.
severe-interval severe-interval:Specifies the severe alarm resending interval in seconds, in the range of 10 to 3600.
The device samples CPU usage periodically and compares the sample with the alarm threshold.
When the sampled value is from minor or greater than the alarm threshold, the CPU enters the alarm state and generates an alarm event.
When the CPU is operating in low-level alarm state, the device sends CPU low-level alarm events until the CPU enters a severe alarm state or the low-level alarm state.
When the CPU is in severe alarm state, the device sends a severe alarm event until the severe alarm is removed.
You can use this command to set the interval for sending CPU-alarm events.
# Set the interval for sending low-level alarm events to 60 seconds for slot 1.
Use monitor resend memory-threshold to set the interval for sending memory alarm events.
Use undo monitor resend memory-threshold to restore the default.
One alarm is reported for a period of more than one hour in advance, and a one-level alarm is escalated to a level-ahead event for a period of three hours or more than the level-II alarm threshold, and a minor alarm is reported back-level notification when there is more than a minor alarm threshold.
critical-interval critical-interval:Specifies the interval at which the severe alarm event runs, in the range of 1 to 48 hours.
early-warning-interval early-warning-interval:Specifies the warning interval in the range of 1 to 48 hours.
minor-interval minor-interval:Specifies the critical alarm resending interval in hours, in the range of 1 to 48.
severe-interval severe-interval:Specifies the severe alarm resending interval in hours.
The device samples the memory remaining value periodically and compares the sample with the alarm threshold.
When the sampled value is greater than or equal to the threshold level alarm, memory enters the alarm state and generates an alarm event.
The memory supports multiple levels of alarm, in descending order of severity, with memory wide-level notifications, memory level-II alarms, and memory pre-alarms.
When memory is operating in low-level alarm state, the device sends a low-memory alarm event until the device enters a higher-level alarm state or gets released lower-level alarm.
When memory is in severe alarm state, the device sends a severe memory alarm event until the severe alarm is removed.
You can use this command to set the interval for sending memory-alarm events.
# Set the minor memory alarm resending interval to 12 hours.
Use parity-error monitor log enable to enable parity error log generation.
Use undo parity-error monitor log enable to disable parity error log detection.
A parity error log is not allowed.
During operation, the device automatically detects and records the number of parity errors that have occurred in the forwarding chip table.
When this command is configured, the device automatically generates detailed information about error of logging parity check.
# It allows parity error logs.
Use parity-error monitor period to set the sampling interval for error parity.
Use undo parity-error monitor period to restore the default.
The sampling interval for parity errors is 60 seconds.
value:Specifies the sampling interval for parity error events, in the range of 1 to 86400 seconds.
After this command is configured, the device collects the number of times that parity has occurred.
# Set the sampling interval for parity check errors to 120 seconds.
Use parity-error monitor threshold to set the alarm threshold for parity error conditions.
Use undo parity-error monitor threshold to restore the default.
Alarm threshold is 5,000 times for parity errors.
value:Specifies the alarm threshold for parity check errors, in the range of 1 to 1000000.
After this command is configured, if the number of error parity errors within a sampling interval is greater than the configured alarm threshold, the device sends an alarm to notify the user.
# Set the alarm threshold to 8000 for parity check errors.
Use undo password-recovery enable to disable password recovery capability.
Use undo password-recovery enable to disable password recovery capability.
Password recovery capability is enabled.
If you disable password recovery, the device uses the BootWare menu to clear the authentication password before continuing to use the device, and prevent unauthorized users from using the BootWare menu to access the device.  After you disable password recovery, the device is in a more secure state.  If you want to continue using the console port to use the console port to perform a command operation after you disable the device configuration, you can use the BootWare menu to restore the device to the factory configuration.
The configuration options configured in the BootWare menu are related to password recovery capability, as shown in the device version specifications.
# Disable password recovery capability.
Use reboot to reboot the device.
subslot subslot-number:Specifies the subslot number of the subclot number where the daughter card resides.
force—Forces a reboot of the device :
If you do not specify this keyword, the system performs certain protective checks (such as whether the boot file exists, the disk is being written, etc. ) if the device fails to log out, it does not restart the device.
If you specify this keyword, the system does not perform any checks.
Restarts can cause a business interruption, use this command with caution.
When you use the force keyword, the system does not perform any protection for reboot.
After reboot, the file system may be damaged.  Use this argument with caution.
As a best practice, use this argument when the system fails or fails to reboot properly.
If the main startup image file is damaged or does not exist, you cannot reboot the device by using the reboot command.
You can specify a new main startup file to reboot the device.
If the device is in progress during reboot, the system will not perform this restart for security reasons.
If you do not specify a member device, this command reboots all IRF member devices.
If you specify a slot, do not specify a subslot, the command reboots the member.
If the master device does not exist, the master and backup MPUs reboot the IRF fabric and the backup MPUs operate correctly.
To ensure correct operation of the IRF fabric and member devices, do not trigger a switchover by rebooting the active MPU if no member devices are in Stable state.
To display the stable state of an IRF fabric, use the display system stable state command.
# Reboot the device and save the configuration file.
# Reboot the device forcibly.
Use reset scheduler logfile to clear job execution log information.
# Clear the log file for the schedule.
Use reset version-update-record to clear startup software image upgrade records.
# Clear startup software image upgrade records.
Use resource-monitor minor resend enable to enable resending of minor resource depletion alarms.
Use undo resource-monitor minor resend enable to disable resending of minor resource depletion alarms.
Interval to send minor resource depletion alarms.
If the available amount is less than or equal to the minor resource depletion threshold and greater than the severe resource depletion threshold, the resource type is in minor alarm state.
When a resource is consistently in low-level alarm state :
When low-level resource alarm notifications are enabled for a period, low-level alarm notifications are generated for the first time, and low-level alarm notifications are generated for subsequent periods.
When the remaining resources reach a higher level alarm, a higher level of alarm notification is generated, and the lower level alarm notifications are temporarily suppressed.
After a high level alarm is removed, the device outputs a low-level alarm notification again.
After you disable sending minor resource depletion alarms for a period, low-level alarm notifications are generated only when low-level alarm is reached for the first time.
The severe alarm resending feature is enabled and cannot be configured.
# Enable resending of minor resource depletion alarms.
Use resource-monitor output to set the output direction for resource depletion alarms.
Use undo resource-monitor output to disable resource depletion alarm output.
Resource depletion alarms are sent to NETCONF, SNMP, and the information center.
netconf-event:Sends resource depletion alarms to the NETCONF module.
snmp-notification:Sends resource depletion alarms to the SNMP module.
syslog:Sends resource depletion alarms to the information center to encapsulate the alarms in log messages.
The device monitors some important resources in real time for usage, and when the specified threshold is reached, the device generates corresponding resource alert notifications, which can be output in three directions.
NETCONF module.
You can configure parameters for the NETCONF module to send resource depletion alarms to users.
For more information about NETCONF, see Network Management and Monitoring Configuration Guide.
Information center module.
You can configure parameters for the information center module to send resource depletion alarms to the user in the form of syslog messages.
For more information about the information center, see information center in Network Management and Monitoring Configuration Guide.
SNMP module.
You can configure SNMP parameters to send SNMP notifications to users in the form of traps or informs.
For more information about SNMP, see Network Management and Monitoring Configuration Guide.
If you do not specify any parameters, the undo resource-monitor output command does not output to the NETCONF, SNMP information center, or NETCONF messages.
# Sends resource depletion alarms to the information center.
Use resource-monitor resource to set the resource depletion threshold.
Use undo resource-monitor resource to remove the resource depletion threshold.
The default availability of different resource types is different.
To view, use the display current-configuration | include " resource-monitor resource " command.
resource-name:Specifies a resource name, a case-insensitive string of 1 to 63 characters.
Value of the parameter :
slot slot-number:Specifies a space-separated list of up to 10 resource items.
cpu cpu-number:Specifies a CPU by its number.
The cpu-number argument represents the number of the CPU.
by-percent:Specifies the alarm threshold in percentage.
minor—threshold minor-threshold:Specifies the minor resource depletion threshold.
severe-threshold severe-threshold:Specifies the severe resource depletion threshold.
After this command is configured, the device detects the remaining conditions, polls the monitored object values, and compares the alarm thresholds.
When the condition is reached, the device generates an alarm notification.
On slot 1, set the minor resource depletion threshold to 30 % and the severe resource depletion threshold to 10 %.
restore factory-default to restore the factory-default settings for a device.
Use this command with caution.
You can use this command to restore the device to its factory defaults when you use a different scenario, or when the device fails.
# Restore the device to factory.
Use scheduler job to create a job and enter its view, or enter the view of an existing job.
If the specified job already exists, it enters job view.
Use undo scheduler job to delete a job.
No job exists.
A job can be referenced by multiple schedules.
In job view, you can assign commands to the job.
# Create a job named backupconfig and enter job view.
Use scheduler logfile size to set the size of the job execution log file.
The schedule log file size is 16 KB.
value:Specifies the schedule log file size in the range of 16 to 1024 KB.
Use the schedule log file to record the execution result of a job.
If the file size exceeds the user-configured value, the system deletes the old record.
To log a log message that is too large, the log file size is not logged.
# Set the size of the job execution log file to 32 KB.
Use scheduler reboot at to specify the reboot date and time.
Use undo scheduler reboot to delete the reboot schedule configuration.
No reboot time or date is configured.
time:Specifies the reboot time in HH:MM format.
The value range for HH represents the hour in the range of 0 to 23 minutes and MM in the range of 0 to 59.
date:Specifies the reboot date, in the format of MM/DD/YYYY (month/day/year) or YYYY/MM/DD (year/month/date).
The value range for YYYY is 2000 to 2035.
The value range for MM is 1 to 12.
The value range for DD is month-by-month.
Use this command to cause the device to reboot at some point in the future, resulting in a business interruption.
If you do not specify the date keyword, the following rules apply :
If the configured time point is the current time, the device reboots at that point in the current day.
The time period before the current time, the device will reboot at the next day.
If you specify the scheduler reboot at or schedule reboot delay command multiple times, the most recent configuration takes effect.
# Configure the device to reboot at 12:00 p.m.
Use scheduler reboot delay to set the reboot delay time.
No reboot delay time is configured.
time:Specifies the waiting delay in HH:MM (hours:minutes) or MM (minutes).
Use HH:MM to specify a maximum length of 6 characters in the range of 0 to 59 HH:MM.
The maximum length is 6 characters when using the MM format.
# Configure the device to reboot in 88 minutes after 6 June 2015, 11:48.
Use scheduler schedule to create a schedule and enter its view, or enter the view of an existing schedule.
If the specified schedule already exists, enter the schedule view.
Use undo scheduler schedule to delete a schedule.
No Schedule exists.
You can use the scheduler schedule command to configure time-based scheduled tasks so that the device execute the specified command at the specified time.
To configure a schedule :
Use the scheduler job command to create a job.
In job view, use the command to specify commands.
Use the scheduler schedule command to create a schedule.
In Schedule view, use the job command to assign a job to a schedule.
A schedule allows you to assign multiple jobs, but it must be a created job otherwise an assignment fails.
In Schedule view, use the user-role command to configure user roles for a schedule.
You can assign a maximum of 64 roles to a schedule.
Use the time at, time once, or time repeating command to configure an execution time for the schedule.
You can specify only one execution time for a schedule.
# Create a schedule named saveconfig.
Use shutdown-interval to set the port status detection timer.
Use undo shutdown-interval to restore the default.
The port status detection timer is 30 seconds.
interval:Specifies the port status detection timer in the range of 0 to 300 seconds.
When the value is 0, periodic detection is disabled.
Some protocol modules automatically shut down a port in certain situations, such as when a BPDU guard-enabled port receives a configuration message, the MSTP protocol module automatically shuts down the port.
Also, a detection timer starts and the port remains down until the timer expires, and the protocol module automatically activates the port to return to its real physical state.
If the user modifies the port time interval to T1 during port time detection, the device shuts down the port interval to T.
If the T <T1, the shutdown port expires after T1-T.
If the T> = T1, the closed port returns immediately.
For example, if the current time is configured as 30 and the port is modified to time 10 (T1 = 10) after 2 seconds (T = 2) are shut down by the protocol module, the interface is restored after 8 seconds, and after the current time is 30 and the port is shut down by the protocol module is down by 10 seconds, the port is modified to 2 immediately.
# Set the port status detection timer to 100 seconds.
Use sysname to configure the device name.
Use undo sysname to restore the default.
The device name is H3C.
sysname:Specifies the device name, a string of 1 to 64 characters.
The name of the device corresponds to the command line interface prompt, such as the name of the device as Sysname, and the user view prompt is <Sysname>.
# Set the name of the device to R2000.
Use system-working-mode to set the device operating mode.
Use undo system-working-mode to restore the default.
The device operates in standard mode.
standard:Specifies the device operating mode as standard.
bridgee:Sets the system operating mode to advanced.
expert:Sets the system operating mode to expert.
For more information about the features supported by the device in different modes, see device management in Basic Configuration Guide.
For the mode change to take effect, you must reboot the device.
# Configure the device to operate in advanced mode.
Use temperature-limit to set the temperature alarm thresholds.
Use undo temperature-limit to restore the default.
If the temperature sensor uses the undo temperature-limit command to restore the default, use the display environment command to display the temperature alarm threshold.
If you do not specify a member device, this command displays temperature information for the master device.
hotspot:Configures temperature alarm thresholds for hotspot sensors.
HotSpot sensors are often built near heat-grown chips for monitoring chip temperature.
sensor-number:Specifies a temperature sensor by its number, which can be obtained by entering the value ? when you enter the argument.
lowlimit:Specifies the high-temperature alarm threshold, in degrees Celsius degrees.
The value range for the low-temperature alarm threshold varies between temperature sensors, which can be input through the ?, is used to obtain the value of this argument.
warning inglimit:Specifies the temperature high-temperature warning threshold, in degrees Celsius, which must be higher than the low-temperature alarm threshold.
alarmlimum:Specifies the severe temperature alarm threshold, in degrees Celsius, which must be higher than the standard high-temperature alarm threshold.
If the temperature falls below the low-temperature alarm threshold, above the high-temperature threshold, the system generates logs and alarm notification users.
# Set the temperature sensor, low-temperature threshold to -10 degrees Celsius, and the standard high-temperature threshold to 50 degrees C and the high-temperature threshold to 60 degrees Celsius.
Use time at to execute a schedule at the specified time.
Use undo time to remove the execution date and time configuration for a non-periodic schedule.
No execution time is specified for a non-periodic schedule.
time:Specifies the execution time in HH:MM (hours:minutes).
The range for HH is 0 to 23, and the MM is in the range of 0 to 59.
date:Date on which the Schedule was executed in MM/DD/YYYY (month/day/year) or YYYY/MM/DD (year/month/date).
The configured time point must be later than the system current time point or the configuration fails.
You can specify only one execution time for a schedule.
If you execute the time at, time once, or time repeating command, the most recent configuration takes effect.
# Configure the system name saveconfig as 1 point on May 11, 2015.
Use undo time to delete the execution date and time configuration for a non-periodic schedule.
at time:Specifies the execution time in HH:MM (hours:minutes).
month-date month-day:The schedule executes on any day in the month.
month-day:Specifies a day in the range of 1 to 31.
If you specify a date that does not exist for the month, the actual time takes effect is the next month, for example, no 30 in February.
week-day week-day & <1-7>:The schedule is executed for which (s) of the week.
week-day & <1-7> Indicates a day or day of the week, week-day values:Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun, & <1-7> indicates up to 7 times of the previous parameter.
When configuring multiple days, separate spaces between strings.
delay time:Specifies the execution delay time.
The format is HH:MM (hours:minutes) or MM (minutes).
Use HH:MM:SS format, in the range of 0 to 59 HH:MM at a maximum length of 6 characters.
After this command is configured, the Schedule executed at the time of arrival time, if the current day/month/week has passed the time, extension to the next day/next week.
Schedule is no longer executed the next time it is reached.
Perform a schedule saveconfig at 15:00 am.
# Perform a test named saveconfig at 15:00 to the last 15:00.
# The schedule named saveconfig was performed recently on the last Monday and Friday.
Configure the device to perform a schedule saveconfig after 10 minutes of delay.
Use time to specify the execution time for a periodic schedule.
No schedule time is set for a non-periodic schedule.
at time:Specifies the recurring time in HH:MM (hours:minutes).
If you do not specify this keyword, the operation starts with the command.
date:Specifies the start date (in MM/DD/YYYY (month/date/year) or YYYY/MM/DD (year/month/date).
If you do not specify this keyword, the most recent time delay timer expires.
interval interval:Specifies the recurring interval.
Use HH:MM format, where the maximum length is 6 characters.
In MM format, the minimum value is 1, and the maximum length is 6 characters.
month-date [ month-day | last ]:Specifies a month.
month-day:Specifies a day in the range of 1 to 31.
The stla table shows the last day of the month.
week-day week-day & <1-7>:Indicates a week (s) day.
time repeating [ at time [ date ] ] interval interval interval is the starting time and the schedule is executed periodically.
time repeats at time [ month-date [ month-day | last ] | k-day week-day week-day & <1-7> ] Indicates a number of days per month/week (s) to repeat the schedule.
# Configure the schedule named saveconfig once at 8 a.m.
# Configure the schedule named saveconfig was executed since 12:00 each day.
# Configure the schedule named saveconfig was executed at 8 a.m. at 5 a.m.
# Configure to execute a schedule named saveconfig at the last 8:00 am of each month.
# Configure to execute a schedule named saveconfig from 8 am on Friday and Saturday now.
Use usb disable to disable USB interfaces.
Use undo usb disable to enable USB interfaces.
All USB interfaces are enabled.
Users can upload and download files through the USB port.
By default, USB interfaces are enabled, and USB ports can be shut down if necessary.
Before executing the usb disable command, uninstall all USB partitions with the umount command or the command fails.
For a detailed description of the Count command, refer to the File System Administration in the Basic Configuration Command Reference.
# Enable the USB interface.
Use user-role to assign a user role to a schedule.
Use undo user-role to remove a user role from a schedule.
User role for creating a schedule for a user role.
role-name:Specifies a user role by its name, a case-sensitive string of 1 to 63 characters.
You can specify a predefined role name, including network-admin, network-operator, level-0 to level-15, or a user role name.
Each command supported by the device requires its user role.
The command line specified in the command schedule is executed only when the user role has the privilege.
For more information about user roles, see RBAC configuration in Fundamentals Configuration Guide.
You can configure a maximum of 64 user roles for a schedule.
# Configure the user role for time test is rolename.
Field
Description
If an alarm is triggered, this field displays a hyphen (-) and the alarm component that generates the alarm is on the shelf.
ID of the alarm CPU.
The level of the alarm, with the highest priority of ERROR, WARNING, NOTICE, INFO.
The alarm details.
The value is :
faulty—The slot is faulty (the slot might be up or running).
Fan n is absent—The specified fan is absent.
Power n is absent—The specified power supply is absent.
Power n is faulty—The power supply is faulty.
The temperature of sensor n exceeds the lower limit—The temperature of the sensor is lower than the low-temperature threshold.
The temperature of sensor n exceeds the upper limit—The temperature of the sensor is higher than the high-temperature warning threshold.
When a device is powered on, its average CPU or CPU core utilization is calculated in 5 seconds and recorded once.
Displays the average utilization of the CPU or CPU cores during the last 5-second statistics period
When a device is powered on, its average CPU or CPU core utilization is calculated and recorded once, in 1-minute intervals.
This field displays the average utilization of CPU or CPU cores during the last 1-minute statistics cycle.
When a device is powered on, its average CPU or CPU core utilization is calculated and recorded in 5-minute intervals.
This field displays the average utilization of the CPU or CPU cores during the last 5-minute statistics cycle
Device Type
Role of the device in the IRF fabric :
Master—The member device is the master.
Standby—A subordinate device.
Version of software running on the device
The patch version running on the device.
None—A patch is not installed on the device.
System temperature information, in degrees Celsius
Temperature sensor :
hotspot—Hotspot sensor.
Indicates the temperature sensor information on the specified slot when the number is displayed.
Current Temperature
Lower temperature alarm threshold.
This field is not supported when the field displays NA.
Minor resource depletion threshold.
Severity level (Alarm) high-temperature alarm threshold.
When the temperature of the temperature sensor exceeds the high-temperature threshold, the device shuts down the temperature of the door automatically.
IRF member ID of the device.
Number of the fan tray on the device.
Fan status :
Absent—The slot is not installed with a fan tray.
Normal—The fan is operating correctly.
Fault—The fan is faulty.
FanDirectorial Fault—The airflow direction is different from the actual airflow direction of the fan frame.
Actual airflow direction :
Port-to-power—The fan is drawn from the port side to the power supply side, i.e., from the front to back.
Power-to-port—The fan is blown from the power supply side to the port side and moving back.
The direction of the fan module that the user expects :
The MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and hardware resource modes:0, 1, 2, 3, 4, or MAC address table, ARP table/ND table, or routing table.
For more information about the capacities of the tables of different modes, see device management in Basic Configuration Guide.
MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, default hardware resource mode.
MAC address table, ARP table, ND table, and hardware resource mode.
MAC address table, ARP table/ND table, hardware resource mode of the routing table.
System memory usage, the following statistics are in KB
Memory Usage Information
Size of physical memory that can be allocated.
The total physical memory of the device can be divided into assignable physical memory and physical memory.
Unallocated physical memory is used for kernel code segment storage, kernel management overhead, and ISSU function operation, and physical allocation of memory to support operations such as running and file storage of service modules.
The amount of non-assignable memory is automatically calculated by the device as needed to calculate the physical memory.  The amount of physical memory can be allocated is the same as the total physical memory space of the device.
Physical memory used by the entire system
Physical memory capacity available through the system
Physical memory shared by multiple processes
The size of the file buffer used
The amount of memory used by the high-speed buffer register
Idle rate of physical memory throughout the system
-/+ Buffers/Cache:used = Mem:Used – Mem:Buffers – Mem:Cached, used to represent the physical memory size used by applications
-/+ Buffers/Cache:free = Mem:Free + Mem:Buffers + Mem:Cached—Indicates the amount of physical memory used by applications.
Exchange Partition Usage Information
Memory Utilization Thresholds
Remaining memory threshold :
Min—Minor resource depletion threshold, in MB.
Severe—Secondary alarm threshold, in MB.
Critical (in MB) alarm threshold.
Normal—The AP is in MB.
Current memory usage status of the system :
Normal—The PoE power supply is operating correctly.
Min—Minor resource depletion threshold.
Severe—Minor alarm threshold.
Critical—Major alarm threshold.
Threshold event statistics :
Back to normal state—The memory is recovered to the normal state.
Enter minor low-memory state—Enter the minor alarm threshold.
Back to minor low-memory state—Recovers to critical alarm threshold.
Enter severe low-memory state—Enter the severe alarm threshold.
Back to severe low-memory state—Recovers to the secondary alarm threshold.
Enter critical low-memory state:Enter the severe alarm threshold.
The time when the event first occurred, in the format yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss.  \
The most recent event time, in the format yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss.  \
Total number of events that have occurred
IRF member ID of the device.
Power of the device
Number of the power supply module on the device.
Power supply module status.
Absent—The slot is not installed with a power supply.
Normal—The power supply is operating correctly.
Fault—The PoE power supply is faulty.
AC mode of the power supply module.
AC—AC power supply.
DC:DC power
Power output current, in milliseconds, displayed as "- "-" indicates the device is not supported.
Power output voltage, in volts, displayed as a hyphen (-), indicating that the device is not supported.
Power output power, in watts, which is a hyphen (-), which indicates that the device is not supported.
This field is not displayed if the fan tray is blown on the power supply module.
Size of the schedule log file, in bytes.
Name of the job.
Schedule name.
Time when the job was started.
End time of the job execution (no scheduled or assigned job without command).
Output information when a command is executed on a job.
Schedule execution time configuration.
If no execution time is specified, this command does not display the execution date.
Time to execute the schedule for the first time.
Time when the schedule started.
If not already executed, show Yet to be executed
Time when the schedule was last executed.
Number of times a schedule has been executed.
If the schedule has not been executed, this field is not displayed.
Name of the job associated with the schedule.
To display the status of a job, execute the display scheduler logfile command and display the execution result of the job.
Successful—The EVB has been successfully executed.
Failed—The operation failed.
Waiting—The interface is waiting for execution.
In process—The process is operating.
-NA-—The execution time has not been performed.
System Status :
Stable—Stable.
You cannot perform an ISSU when the system is in this state.
Active/Standby status :
Stable—The standby state is stable and can be switched.
No redundancy—The system has no redundancy and cannot be switched.
Not ready—The interface is not stable and is not ready for switching.
Role of the member device in the system :
Active—The member device is the master.
Standby—The standby device is operating with redundancy.
Member device status :
Stable—The member is running reliably.
Board inserted—The member is added to the IRF fabric.
Kernel initiating—Member device kernel is being initialized.
Service starting—The service is starting on the member.
Service stoping—The service is shutting down on the member.
HA batch backup—HA batch backup.
Interface data batch backup—The interface batch backup is in progress.
The current object is in an unstable state
Received signals are lost.
high received optical power
Low received optical power
Send Error
Bias current.
Bias current.
Transmit power high
Low transmit power
Temperature High
Low temperature
Voltage High
Voltage Low
Module information read and write errors
Module Message Checksum Error
Module Type and Port Configuration Mismatch
The port does not support the module type.
Signal Received by Channel x is lost
Error in channel x from sending message
Signal loss from channel x
The amount of light received by channel x is too high.
The transmit power received on channel x is too low.
Bias current of channel x.
Channel x has low bias current.
Module read and write errors
The port does not support modules of this type.
Fault alarm occurred on the interface transceiver module.
Received power is low.
Digital diagnosis information for the transceiver module in the interface.
Current operating parameters.
Temperature in ° C, accurate to 1 ° C.
Digital Diagnostic Parameters—Voltage, in V, accurate to 0.01V
Numeric diagnostics parameter—bias current, in mA, accurate to 0.01 mA.
Digital diagnosis parameter—Receive optical power in dBm, accurate to 0.01 dBm.
Digital diagnosis parameter—Sends optical power in dBm, accurate to 0.01 dBm.
Alarm Threshold
High Alarm Threshold
Minor resource depletion threshold
Record 1 time the most recent update, and record 1 is the most recent update.
Software image file name.
The * symbol indicates that the version of the package changes before the upgrade and that there is no * symbol.
Version of the software image.
Version Compilation Time
